today I'm making kung pao chicken and
I'm using a recipe from the book land of
plenty and I'll be sure to include a
link to a recipe now first thing I'm
going to do is I'm going to make my
marinade I have some water in the bowl a
little bit of salt I have some rice wine
some light soy sauce some cornstarch mix
this up put it on the chicken give the
chicken a good mix okay here I got a
little bit of water oh I'm making my
sauce now what I'm doing a little bit of
water add some sugar add some cornstarch
some dark soy sauce some light soy sauce
I have some black vinegar this is one of
the things you really need for this dish
have some sesame oil mix this up set
this aside until we need it later now I
also have some peanuts
these are dry roasted peanuts but
they're unsalted I have some green onion
the white part I have some garlic and
ginger I have some Szechuan peppercorns
in here in the bottom and I also have
some peppers
I cut dried peppers I cut the ends off
and took the seeds out all right so
let's go and get started cooking ok I'm
heating up my wok it's just I just
turned it on so it's not hot yet I'm
going to put a little peanut oil in here
be sure to swirl this around a little
bit
now I'm going to put my Chili's and my
Szechuan peppercorn in there and as the
oil and the pan heats up then that'll
kind of season the oil a little bit I
think I may need to put just a little
bit more oil in there there we go and
start to see a little sizzle in there
kind of move these around all right
crank this up on high okay I'm starting
to see a little bit of smoke there
wait we'll put our chicken in
ah
which will let our chicken just sit for
a minute or two we'll go ahead and on
top of our chicken we'll put our green
onion garlic and our ginger
you
hey my chicken is just about done now
what we're going to do we're going to
put our sauce in here
we'll also put our peanuts in you can
use chat shoes if you want to
turn the heat off and we'll plate this
up all right let's see how it tastes
that's really good
anyway hope you enjoy